Update v3-to-v4.md (#1737)
redis/node-redis: docs/v3-to-v4.md

## All the Breaking Changes

See the [Change Log](../packages/client/CHANGELOG.md).

### Promises

Node Redis now uses native [Promises](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise) by default for all functions.

### `createClient`

The configuration object passed to `createClient` has changed significantly with this release. See the [client configuration guide](./client-configuration.md) for details.

### No Auto Connect

In V4, the client will not be auto connected to the server, you need to run `.connect()` before any command, or you will receive error `ClientClosedError: The client is closed`.

```typescript
import { createClient } from 'redis';

const client = createClient();

await client.connect();

await client.ping();
```

### No `message` event

In V4, you don't need to add listener to `message` and `message_buffer` event, you can get the message directly in `subscribe`-like commands.

The second agrument of commands is a callback, and will be triggered every time when there is a message published to the channel.

> The third agrument of commands is a boolean to set `bufferMode` (default `false`), if it's `true` you will receive buffer instead of string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The third argument to these commands is a boolean to set `bufferMode` (default `false`).  If it's set to `true` you will receive a buffer instead of a string.
```

> The `subscribe`-like commands return a promise, if the server returns `ok` the promise will be fulfilled, otherwise the promise will be rejected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `subscribe`-like commands return a promise. If the server returns `ok` the promise will be fulfilled, otherwise the promise will be rejected.
```
